Yeah, so Python time, right?
You have plenty of this code already
in your Dragon Board 410 C, or
we've provided it to you on our Git.
But we want to kind of cover
it a little bit more or
again, I guess I should say for those of
you who would like another refresher.
>> Yeah, since the last course
we're focusing on Java and Android.
So this time, a little supplemental
lesson about Python, just in case you've
forgotten since we were working
in the Linux operating system.
So as mentioned before,
it's highly readable, general purpose,
kind of simpler syntax
compared to other languages.
It's known as a scripting language, so
it's just line-by-line, does everything
and, well, so it supports multiple
programming paradigms just like C++.
You can make it object orienting language,
procedural language,
or just create script that'll automate
some kind of processes like logging
into a remote system or whatnot.
And we want to talk about why we chose
Python, because obviously, it's simple,
it's not too hard to teach, and
it's pretty cool making your own programs.
But the biggest reason is
because there are SimpleCV and
OpenCV libraries for Python, so
we'll be able to create our applications
in Python instead of C,
which is much better for many people.
And like we said, there's a ton of
documentation, many teaching resources.
Go ahead, feel free to go back, and
I believe we did talk about
Python in course two.
>> Well, we've talked about
Python in several of the courses.
In fact, there was a video,
I think, where me and
Eric just kind of I talked about Python,
our favorite IDE.
We'll be using IDLE 3 again,
I think, in this one, right?
>> It's up to the user.
I personally like Vim,
which is just a text editor.
>> Great, yeah, so yeah,
you can get Vim app, get it and
install Vim if it's not already on there.
But the battle of the development.
[LAUGH]
>> Don't worry about the Linux OS stuff.
If you're not familiar with that, we'll
be talking about that in a later module.
So sit tight, stay tuned, and
we'll see you in the next video.